F U L L S T A C K WE B D E V E L O P E R SARAH ING . sarahikeda@gmail.com . sarah_ing . sarahing . sarahikeda I am a web developer led by curiosity and am always striving to learn something new. Building things which connect or better the community is something I hold with great value. SUMMARY Ruby, JavaScript (AJAX, JQuery), Ruby on Rails, PostgreSQL, SQLite, ActiveRecord, Object-Oriented Design, TDD (RSpec, Capybara, Jasmine), Agile Development SKILLS Dev Bootcamp Computer Programming 2015 Oregon State University Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) English Language and Literature/Letters 2010 ¥ Graduated cum laude (Dean's List 2007-2010), Tutor at writing center, President of club tennis team, KBVR 88.7 Radio DJ , National Merit Commended Scholar EDUCATION InSession Mobile app that connects online learners from sites like Khan Academy with other nearby students. Students can find meet-ups for courses near their location, chat with other peers and seek help in the forum. InSession was built with Ruby on Rails, Postgres, Elastic Search, Faye, Mapbox and CoffeeScript. PROJECTS Volunteering (Human Rights Campaign, Write Around Portland, Portland School Assistance for Refugees Newcomers), Scuba Diving (PADI Advanced Open Water), Tennis, Traveling (backpacked solo around Europe, Mexico, Africa, Australia and SE Asia), Storytelling, Hiking, Poetry Slams, Playing Piano ACTIVITIES Dev Bootcamp Mar 2015 ¥ Attended a 19-week intensive training program, specializing in Ruby, Rails, HTML5, CSS, Test Driven Development, Object-Oriented Javascript (AJAX, JQuery), and Agile Development ¥ Actively participated in engineering empathy workshops to addresses intra- and interpersonal strategies in teamwork environments EXPERIENCE EMPLOYMENT Liberty Mutual Insurance Claims Investigator á Oct 2010 to Oct 2014 ¥ Investigated and evaluated general liability and first-party property claims ¥ Identified and negotiated claim damages in relation to policy provisions ¥ Fundraised and led charitable events for 600+ employees AquaFish Collaborative Research Support Program Writer and Administrative Assistant á Aug 2007 to May 2010 ¥ Wrote monthly publication, covering events and educational opportunities ¥ Prepared financial expenditure reports in Excel for program director ¥ Managed and coordinated students' schedules and duties Open Source Education Lab Staff Writer á Feb 2009 to Jan 2010 ¥ Wrote and edited articles for monthly newsletter pertaining to OSEL events (Bar Camp, Ignite) ¥ Created written profiles on guest speakers based on the given talk ¥ Coordinated campus-wide events to increase awareness of open source